---
layout: post
title: Galatians Answers
---

## Galatians Answers (BK1) (Study 02)

1.  Fill-in

2.  I don't know? If they are following a false gospel? Yes.

    * Review after question 17.

3.  He deeply persecuted Christians.

    * Paul was filled with hate for Christians.

4.  By being blinded on the Damascus road.

    * God called him by his grace and spoke to him.

5.  To not consult any human beings.

    * Reveal his Son and that he would preach of Him.

6.  That he was predestined?

    * (a) He was set apart at birth. (b) called him by His grace. (c) He was pleased to reveal His Son in him.

7.  Should be doing more!

    * No answer?

8.  No answer?

9.  I try to be thankful for everything.

10. His credentials and about himself?

    * Understanding came from his own reflection and insight.

11. His only concern is pleasing Christ, not men.

    * That he chose to lose his man-pleasing spirit and only please Christ.

12. When we think of ourselves over others.

    * Happens all the time, all kinds of circumstances and moment-by-moment incidents.

13. You have to believe and follow Jesus' will for your life. Which is all that comes to me.

    * Because, now we live in God's approval and rest in His love.

14. Because, the Jerusalem leaders had no issue with Paul's gospel or Titus being a Greek.

    * Titus was a test!

15. Tough question. It would of split the church?

    * The church would of split in two. Do we have this today? Protestants and/or Catholics?

16. That he was to deliver the message to the Gentiles?

    * Shared fellowship with Christ. They were preaching the same gospel message. Paul to the Gentiles, Peter to the Jews..

17. By discussion and confirmation of the gospel message?

    * The mission of the church is driven by unity, not dis-unity.

18. If false believers in the church? Risks poisoning everything.

    * If not teaching the true gospel? Then, you should have nothing to do with them.

19. To leave some food for them. To lend them help.

    * Be generous to them.

20. Love and sharing.

    * We are to open our hands to the needy.

21. Fill-in

    * Whether we really have justifying faith. The faith which saves shows itself in our service of the poor, the refugee, the sick, and the prisoner.

22. The ministry of mercy is part of the church, just as the ministry of mercy is.

23. I don't know.

    * We could of been divided by things "cultural" and/or "emotional?"
    * Anyone who believes that our relationship with God is based on keeping up moral behavior is on an endless treadmill of guilt and insecurity.

24. Do I please people or please Christ?

25. Do people ever say thank you, for how you are?

    * Encourage your group to come up with specific examples of the outworkings of gospel-driven things, situations, and such.

26. Fill-in

27. Fill-in
