---
layout: post
title: Galatians Answers
---

## Galatians Answers (BK1) (Study 01)

1.  People changing things.

    * Paul is upset, angry, i.e. not happy.

2.  I don't know. Alarmed, upset?

    * Angry.

3.  I don't know.

4.  That he is an apostle sent by Jesus Christ.

5.  A thanksgiving with appreciation of the people addressed.

6.  To be shocked, this doesn't appear to be a nice letter?

7.  That this is a letter of correction and it is serious.

8.  How Jesus was raised from the dead, He sacrificed Himself for our sins, and rescues (redeems) us from this evil age.

9.  Grace is freely given to repenting believers and peace with God the Father.

10. It is for the Lord's glory, not ours. Who said life was "fair?"

    * We did not ask for it or deserve it to be rescued by free grace.

11. I think? What we do in our life for God's glory is the daily challenge -- we face.

    * What is your motivation for everything you do? That is the crux of it.

12. I don't know fully. But, Jesus is the answer to our sinful (hopeful) past.

13. I don't know. Everyone is closed about Religion. For example, even fellow Christians don't talk about Christ at work.

14. By proclaiming law living and not faith living by believing in Christ.

    * They were saying: but faith in him alone is not enough to grow you into full acceptance with God. (Obviously wrong.)

15. That it is perversion.

    * Also means reverse.

16. Hard to say? But, embracing flesh living and not spiritual living is the problem.

    * Any change to the true gospel makes it about what we do for God, rather than what He has done for us. This is a complete reversal.

17. They should be accursed.

    * Eternally rejected by God.

18. Yes, he is addressing it seriously, which is right.

    * The gospel from the Apostles is true.

19. When Paul originally visited them. Since, it comes from Jesus Christ.

    * "The one we preached to you." i.e. That is true solely.

20. They downplay it. They say just a guideline. They say, "I'm a good person. Why do I need saving?"

    * They say a good person, follow practices, or if you have a certain way of living; you are (falsely) saved.

21. Because, we want to fit in with others. Or giving time after introductions. Picking your battles, when it is time.

22. Fill-in.

    * Complacency. Being selfish.

23. Fill-in.

    * Do you get angry? Do you get serious?

24. It is wonderful; how we are saved & born again. But, I don't understand putting emotions into it.

    * The real gospel is what God has done for us. So we are at peace with God and others in faith of Jesus.
