---
layout: post
title: Galatians Answers
---

## Galatians Answers (BK2) (Study 01)

* Qur. 1. A. Jesus Christ made Paul an apostle. (Also.) This is a man problem. It is a pride thing.

* Qur. 1. B. Against those trying to discredit him.

* Qur. 1. C. Not reformed thinking. Not KJV "only" Bible people. (Personal attack?)

* Qur. 2. A. By copies passed by believers.

* Qur. 2. B. Antioch, ..  others. Whatever.

* Qur. 2. C. 46 AD

* Qur. 2. D. Many sufferings.

* Qur. 3. A. ? rescue relates to redemption ?

* Qur. 3. B. It's about the heart. (mind, feeling, & head.)

## Galatians Answers (BK2) (Study 02)

* Qur. 1. A. The point Paul is makes in these chapters is that Christian are to test t he teaching of a pastor or a denomination against the teaching of the apostles of Jesus Christ.

* Qur. 1. B. In what ways did their "gospel" differ from what Paul had preached?

* Qur. 2. A. Paul's role was being faithful to the true gospel. Paul never seeked pleasing the Galatians or other men, only Christ.

* Qur. 3. A. Paul is defending the claims of his apostolic authority.

* Qur. 3. A. DUP: His message included among other  things, his interpretation of the Old Testament, his theological explanation of the events of Christ's life, his doctrine of the atonement, his doctrine of free grace, his doctrine of justification, and his doctrine that the Jews and Gentiles are now one in the church of the Lord Jesus Christ; through the perfect work of His redemption.

## Galatians Answers (BK2) (Study 03)

* Qur. 1. A. He went because God summoned him. Paul feared the Judaizers hindering and/or rendering void the true gospel.

* Qur. 1. B. That he ran the race for the gospel and it was the right gospel and a true race to a true gospel.

* Qur. 3. A. Because, he was a Greek. The false brothers tried to force Acts 15:1. 

* Qur. 3. B. You must be baptized to be saved. KJV only. Speaking in tongues.

* Qur. 3. C. 48 AD? Jerusalem?

* Qur. 3. D1. They wanted to bring believers into bondage and enslave to the law.

* Qur. 3. D2. Works over grace?

* Qur. 6. A. The pillar apostles.

* Qur. 6. B. A negative tone. Dismissive.

* Qur. 6. C. That's Paul's gospel was right and matched the apostles message?

* Qur. 7. A. Validation?



